---
layout: post
title:  "Edge of Desire"
date:   2026-01-13
comments: true
---

Jason was halfway across Mass Ave when *Edge of Desire* came on. He hadn't queued it. Spotify had simply decided to be profound without asking permission.

*"Young and full of running, tell me where that has taken me."*

He looked up at MIT's dome, which glowed like it knew something he didn't. The lyric landed in his chest like a small, well-aimed dart. Barker Library swallowed him in its usual hush. Jason dropped into his favorite seat, the one with the nearby outlet and the chair that leaned back just enough. He unfolded his workspace like a traveling magician. Laptop. Second screen. Third screen. A galaxy of tabs. Research papers blooming across the desk like very serious flowers. His code stared back at him with mild disappointment.

And then there was the girl.

She was at the Picower soda machines, locked in heated negotiation with the Pepsi button like it had personally wronged her. Jason was busy sighing at his broken code when he glanced up and saw her losing her argument with the vending machine. Something in his brain went oh.
After that, they kept appearing in each other's peripheral vision like a very slow, very awkward game of tag. In line for Brothers lunch. 6th floor of Picower. Once in the notoriously slow Picower elevator, where neither of them pressed a button for five entire seconds.

He wanted to talk to her. Desperately.

Instead, he opened another research paper.

Because Jason, in moments of romantic crisis, subscribed to a very specific philosophy: if you became impressive enough, the universe would eventually do the flirting for you.

So instead of asking her name, he asked his laptop for more data.

Somewhere around midnight, the janitor's vacuum began its slow hum through Barker. Jason leaned forward in his chair. Then a little more. Then gravity, patient, finally claimed him. He fell asleep with his face pressed against his notebook, the spiral binding leaving tiny dents in his cheek.

*"Wired and I'm tired." "Think I'll sleep in my clothes on this floor…"*

In that floaty, half-dream place between consciousness and keyboard, a thought drifted in like a leaf landing on water: You can't impress someone into loving you.

Love wasn't reading his résumé. Love was just there. Or it wasn't.

*"Don't say a word, just come over and lie here with me."*

He never told her how he felt.

He carried it with him instead. Through glowing lab hallways. Through midnight sessions at Picower. Through walks to Brothers, where the sight of the city reflected.
The music kept playing in one of his AirPods as he walked back out into the night. The dome still glowing. The air still thick with summer and possibility and the quiet ache of things left unsaid.

*"So young and full of running, all the way to the edge of desire."*
